My dear ones, today the time has finally come to share a project with you on which I have been work for the past months. First of all let me say that there are several pieces of clothes that I take with me wherever I go. You might understandably guess now that I am talking about my off-shoulder blouses and dresses but today I¡¯m talking about the perfect pair of jeans. Since the capacity of my suitcase is limited I love clothes that go with every occasion and every outfit. I am always looking for a pair of jeans that is both comfortable so that I can wear it on long journeys but also stylish and chic so that I can also take it with me to fashion week. One of my favorite jeans labels is the Turkish label Mavi. Some of you might have noticed my favorite pairs of Mavi jeans in past outfit posts (e.g. here and here). Therefore, when Mavi asked me last year whether I would be interested in designing my own pair of jeans by the name of ¡°Leonie¡± with them, I immediately fell for the idea! My mind kept going over different ideas and I even spend a whole day in Frankfurt with the incredibly nice Mavi team in December. Over cake and coffee we talked about different fabrics, cuts, and whatever else came into our minds. We looked at older jeans models, felt different jeans fabrics and even heatedly discussed the perfect tear in a pair of used-look jeans (no kidding ;)). It was so interesting to be a part of the work that goes into designing a pair of jeans, and it was an amazing feelings when my thoughts and wishes were finally delivered to my doorstep in a delivery box! I had been thinking back and forth about what the ¡°Leonie¡± should be: a pair of simple but elegant black skinny jeans or rather a casual but chic used-look model? The design procedure felt a bit like a self-discovery trip. ?? Below you can see what I finally decided on (and what you will be able to purchase soon in the Mavi stores and online) in today¡¯s pictures that we shot on Tenerife. I really hope you like my jeans alter ego!
But that isn¡¯t all! On May 4th at 18 o¡¯clock the official launch event will take place at the Mavi Store Berlin at Neue Sch?nhauser Stra?e 3 ¨C 5 with food, drinks and good music ¨C and hopefully with you! The first 50 guests even get a little surprise and who doesn¡¯t love surprises?! Not only will Alex and I be there but also some of my friends such as Nina from Fashiioncarpet and the Shoppisticated girls! Especially those of you who like me are not from Berlin can win the whole event as a trip for two including travel costs, a hotel stay and a 200€ shopping voucher. Just comment under this post<3 I¡¯m definitely very excited and I hope to see many of you there! 
One of the best projects I was allowed to do during the Berlin Fashion Week was a day with Catrice. Not only was Catrice the main sponsor of ¡°Der Berliner Mode Salon¡± but they also did the styling for the Marina Hoermanseder show. Those of you who have been following the blog for a while might know just how much I love Marina¡¯s pieces! ?? Right after breakfast a stylist came to our hotel with a big suitcase full of Catrice products to do my makeup and hair. Since the Catrice look for the Marina Hoermanseder show was still a secret, I got to decide on my own, which kind of makeup and styling I wanted. The stylist and me decided on an understated makeup that highlighted the eyes and a light wave in the hair. After the look was done, I slipped right into my Marina Hoermanseder outfit. I had decided on a feminine look in blush colors with a knee-length pantskirt as a statement piece and I especially loved the bag! ?? We shot some quick pictures in front of the Brandenburg Gate and off we went to the show. We stopped by backstage first, where we saw the final look for the first time. Marina likes to play around with fabrics such as leather, which always makes her styles unique. You might still remember the pictures from the last season (here)? This year Marina¡¯s line was surprisingly dark and cool for a change and, thus, the make up was also cool with a pale foundation and strong ombr¨¦ lips. You can find some more pictures of the look and all the products which were used to create the beauty look underneath. The models¡¯ hair was styled in thin braids. While I already liked the look backstage, it showed its full potential on the runway together with the beautiful and so inspiring clothes. Also the music fitted perfectly, as the models walked for example to Gangsta¡¯s Paradise. ?? And it is always a good feeling, when you are sitting in the audience and know that you were also treated to a professional styling! ?? In summary, the Marina Hoermanseder show was again one of my absolute favorites and the day with Catrice was so much fun! I hope you like the pictures!
The thing about D r e a m s. I never called myself a dreamer. However, I¡¯ve always been creative. Sometimes, when an inspiring idea pops up in my head or I think of something that I want to accomplish, I get up in the middle of the night taking pen to paper and try to put my thoughts down in writing before they vanish back into the night. I like to dream big, but I also believe that a dream without actual commitment never evolves into something greater than just a dream. The most important part of dreaming is to be brave, get up, and actually work on your dreams.
It is the most overwhelming feeling when something happens that you haven¡¯t even dared to dream about. Ever since I started blogging, I have experienced moments full of excitement and surprise that took my breath away. The first time I got an invitation to a fashion show in Berlin, the first time I got a present I would have never bought for myself, and also the moment Cartier invited me to get to know the brand during a two day press trip in Paris ¨C I cherish these moments as a reminder that sometimes dreams turn into reality.
When I was growing up, my parents raised me to be modest when it comes to money. But even as a child, I¡¯ve been fascinated with clothes, shoes, bags and jewelry. My mother never spent a lot of money on herself but she had an amazing and sometimes daring taste. Every day in the evening she would show me her outfit ideas for the next day and I just loved watching her. She always taught me to value possessions not for their actual monetary worth but for what they meant to me, and I learnt from her to choose carefully and invest in things I love instead of living in abundance. She owned many pieces she had bought ages ago and every piece had a story to tell.
When I think of Cartier, I think of one of the most glamorous and powerful luxury brands in the world ¨C a brand with a strong heritage. But I also think about a brand that embodies what my mother taught me in those dear hours in front of her wardrobe: fashion is not about the accumulation of pieces but all about the single ones that you will cherish for years to come because they were designed to tell a story or convey an emotion.
That is why I felt so much respect when I met with Cartier in Paris and when they invited me to enter their magical world of well kept secrets, luxury and mystique. We started the two day program with an amazing dinner at the restaurant Tr¨¦s Honor¨¦. The next day we visited the international press day at the Hotel La Montana. Cartier presented the upcoming collection on five floores in a chic creative way which was full of surprising elements. In the end we had an unforgettable experience at the oldest Cartier boutique which is located at the Rue de la Paix. During an exclusive tour, Cartier shared their brand¡¯s key stories and I felt hypnotized soaking in every little word. Trying on some of their most precious pieces afterwards was just the perfect ending of two magical days with Cartier. An experience I didn¡¯t dare dreaming about¡£
wo weeks have past since Paris fashion week and there are still so many experiences that I would like to share with you. One highlight during my time in Paris was a visit to Vestiaire Collective ¨C one of the leading online market places for preloved fashion, shoes and accessories. One of the founders, Fanny, had invited me to their headquarters and that is how I got the opportunity to get an exclusive tour and a great insight behind the scenes.
After I finished university I worked as a strategy consultant for a fashion corporation and maybe that¡¯s why I am especially interested in the processes and structures of corporations. At Vestiaire my heart rate went up when we watched a Chanel Boy Bag¡¯s and a Cartier Love Bracelet¡¯s journey until it was offered for sale. At Vestiaire all the pieces are curated ¨C a potential vendor gets assistance with regard to the price, the description and all the necessary information by Vestiaire¡¯s employees. Every day about 3500 pieces arrive at Vestiaire. They are being viewed and uploaded online within 1,5 days. What surprised me the most: 40% of the pieces are being sold within 7 days!
Since the pieces are mostly special and high-brand they all have to pass an  a u t h e n t i c i t y  c h e c k. Every brand has its own unique characteristics that make them recognizable. During the inspection attention is being given to the logo, the stitches, the typography of the brand as well as the serial number. The employees are trained to recognize every brand¡¯s signature. For jewelry there are numerous ways to check authenticity ¨C gold for example is checked via a chemical substance that reacts with the material. Surprisingly, 99,5% of the 1500 pieces that are checked daily at Vestiaire are authentic.
Once a piece has passed the authenticity check it moves on to the  q u a l i t y  c h e c k. Here employees evaluate how well the quality of the product fits the description and the pictures. At last the pieces are being polished to their best and send on their way to the buyer.
For years I have been thinking about purchasing a certain preloved bag (can you guess which one?:)) With all the insight knowledge I gained at Vestiaire I would love to finally go through with it. Have you ever bought or sold a preloved piece?
You never win something in a competition? I would like to prove it wrong :)! My mother is such a pro in competitions and so she taught me every tip and trick about it when I was a child. That way she took part for me in a lot of different competitions. I once won a cart full of food or tickets for a Backstreet Boys concert :)! And if there is a chance to win cool stuff, I¡¯m usually in! A short time ago I had the opportunity to raffle a professional shooting with Levis for the Levis Lot 700 Gallery. Last week it finally happened and the winner Melek traveled with her little sister to Berlin, where I could stay by her side during her first big shooting. The shooting took place near the Bikini Berlin with an awesome view and a lot of cacti.
I¡äve always been really curious and I¡äm trying to find out more about my readers, so I¡äm regulary browsing through the comment field on Instagram.:) So it was even better to spend the day with Melek and her sister. Melek works as a consultant (such as I did:)), is married and did a really good job at the shooting! She looked stunning and I¡äm already looking forward to see her and also the beautiful pictures of her at the Levi¡äs 700 Gallery on the 29th of October in Berlin. Here you can find  some insights from the shooting in Berlin ¨C I hope you like it! xx Leonie

There is sort of one way to wear a cross-body bag, but there¡¯s actually two ways of wearing the Chanel Gabrielle cross body bag. And being one of the luckiest girls in the world to own one of the new Chanel bags, I wanted to show you how that ¡°other way¡± works. Needless to say, a Chanel bag goes with everything, but the more casual the outfit, the better. Or at least, in my opinion. So technically the bag has one long chain to wear it as a cross-body, but you will see when you wear it long like that, it¡¯s a bit of an odd length. For a good reason, though, because there needed to be a tiny bit extra to make it work as it was intended¡­
And that is by ways of shown in the images. Not just as a ¡°short¡± cross-body, but by also pulling it over your other shoulder, too. Double strapped, double the Chanel fun. I believe this bag is the biggest success after they introduced the Boy-bag a few years back. Gabrielle is here to stay, indefinite, that¡¯s a fact!
Not would you ever expect that there¡¯s something spicy going on in this look. Nothing sexy, not even close¡­ but fact is, these boots are all the way up, up, UP. Because these Balenciaga over-the-knee boots are the super hot thigh high ones, which I will show ¨C in some capacity ¨C as they should be shown soon. I might just have to get a good scrub to get that winter skin going, and maybe a few rays of sunshine on my legs¡­
There¡¯s little that beats the combination of a classic houndstooth and metallic. A houndstooth coat with masculine lines pretty much sums up what is my all-time favorite type of coat. And mixing it all with a casual hoodie and this season¡¯s statement bag, well no further explanation needed. All we need right now is to feel free to mix and match the opposite, feel free in our skin, and of course ¨C for my Dutch readers ¨C to VOTE today!
¡¯m keeping it shot today, because It¡¯s Sunday, and I¡¯m still with my head in the Dolce & Gabbana clouds. Love their show for so many reasons¡­ Anyway, it¡¯s time for quality with my family before I leave for Paris again. I can¡¯t wait, but I hate the moment I have to say goodbye. That never gets easy¡­
These photos were taken after the Dior Haute Couture Spring 2017 show a month back. The Dior coat I wore as a dress, with a black body and tights underneath. The boots balanced everything out pretty well. You know me, that¡¯s how I love it. And the bag, well, I guess that¡¯s one for on our Spring wish-list!
I¡¯ve talked about the fact I¡¯m not in Milan this season ¨C FOMO ¨C and about my love for red (boots), but we haven¡¯t talked enough about New York Fashion Week. Reason for this is mainly the lack for time and manpower to got to all shows, events, and presentations AND update my blog at the same time. Nonetheless I keep you up to date on every social media channel I handle, so this look must be somewhat familiar to you¡­ I¡¯m sure you have seen this sweater coming by on Instagram, if it wasn¡¯t on me, then perhaps on someone else, because fact is, it¡¯s very popular. So I did a little ¡°Vetements x Champion¡± investigation during NYFW¡­ to figure out if spending a three number figure on a sweatshirt is worth it¡­
The scary truth is, it is¡­ Of course, there are budget friendly options out there too ¨C which you just have to buy a few sizes too big for a similar effect ¨C and it¡¯s a great option if this one is out of your reach, but boy did this sweater grow on me. If it weren¡¯t a case of creating daily fashion inspiration for you, I would live in this one¡­ every single day it would be me and my red sweater with a pair of jeans, and a funky low heel. Key with wearing sportswear inspired looks, that you find a balance. A pair of sneakers would not be wrong, but to keep it fashun I suggest a classic kitten heel works great. In fact, Vetements would not be Vetements to cover this part too, with their latest and exclusive to Net-a-Porter Manolo x Vetements collection!
But in any case, on a budget or not, a sporty x classy look is the way forward, and I¡¯m surely going for this more often as it feels like the perfect way of dressing for me. It¡¯s comfortably, inspiring, and still on-trend.
I think it¡¯s quite clear that we need to start talking about what happened on the Fendi Fall 2017 runway today. Evidently I¡¯m not in Milan-town right now, but apart from my own major FOMO, you wouldn¡¯t notice, because the only thing we can see right now are those RED BOOTS. Fendi Fall 2017 RED BOOTS. I feel a major style alarm note we have to make, because this is the boot we are all going to wear from now on¡­
Karl Lagerfeld did it again. He killed it! And this time with a less ¡°fur¡± runway, which I¡¯m sure many people are very happy about ¨C including myself. Even more happy surely everyone is by seeing these killer red over-the-knee-boots. Two shades of red ¨C a wine red and fire-red ¨C but personally I¡¯m would go for the fire-red ones. AND the pointy toe is still there, which I also love!
I won¡¯t lie, I¡¯ve already been searching the internet for a perfect pair that I can wear right now, because I¡¯m not sure if I can wait till these land in store. Should I be regretting the pair of Manolo¡¯s x Vetements I just clicked home¡­ Should I save up and get these in Fall instead?
No two styles are the same. Honestly, there aren¡¯t any characteristics that can be as appealing as that. As unique as each of us are, it¡¯s the same with one of Fall¡¯s best, introducing Burberry¡¯s Patchwork bag. My perception of Burberry has always just been the trench coat and their signature check pattern. Now, gathering the two details finished with variations of leather, snakeskin, suede and leopard-print calfskin, this petite shoulder bag with an oversized buckle inspired by their iconic trench is introduced. From the runway of London Fashion Week and now available at Burberry, it¡¯s the design that amplifies outfits from days to evenings.
Living in Los Angeles consist of being always on-the-go, from morning work-out to meetings, lunches, happy hour and of course errands like grocery shopping, small bags go a long way, a lot more convenient and simply worry-free. Especially one that can be worn on the shoulders, as a crossbody, or even as a clutch for numerous occasions. More so, this particular style really has an edgy vibe in which I always lean towards, and the unique mix of meticulous detail that each bag possesses compose an effortlessly luxurious silhouette to be going around the city with.
I¡¯ve been wanting to share this news for the longest time, and today, I can finally announce that byTSANG has officially launched! Our team has worked tirelessly on building a brand of my dreams. No, byTSANG is not just another fashion label that¡¯s trendy and changes collections every season, but rather, each silhouette is carefully constructed and each fabric purposefully chosen, releasing pieces one at a time. My purpose was to create minimal and elegant essentials that is transitional from season to season, and a piece in your closet that will be your favorite one. Because we believe Less is Luxe.
This is my newest work for the Movado Esperanza Collection, to illustrate the re-launch of the original Esperanza that was introduced in the 80¡¯s, but now redesigned for a modern look. With its architecturally inspired bracelet using negative space and softly curved vertical links, it now further enhances the legendary single dot watch dial, also known as the Museum dial.
Years ago, I saw a Movado watch for the first time.The first detail I ever realized was the dot at high noon, which to me appeared like a ¡®full moon¡¯, surrounded by a very dark sky ¨C aka the black dial. The simplicity spoke true elegance and sophistication, a design that is forever timeless. In life, we go through obstacles, meet many people, and gather with friends and family, which all create life-long memories. These memories are like a collection of stars that fill up our skies over time.
For every season, I¡¯m always on the hunt for the ultimate staple investment piece for my wardrobe, and most of the time, it¡¯s an accessory instead of clothing. Versatility is important, but it also needs to be a piece that stands out. This Fall/Winter, I¡¯ve invested in these Gucci pearl heel boots. The squared toe gives your outfit a playful look, whereas a pointed toe tends to be a bit more serious and mature. These boots make a statement, and because they¡¯re composed mainly of black leather, they go with any type of look I¡¯m going for ¨C whether it¡¯s a casual denim look or a dressier look for happy hour.
It¡¯s so important to spend money wisely, especially when approaching a new season. At times we might get carried away with the perfect black dress or some jeans that we thought might make a milage, but actually, it¡¯s the accessory, bag, scarf, belt, or the perfect pair of shoes that matters the most. Kicking off Fall, I¡¯ve found the first pair of boots that I¡¯ll pretty much wear until tear (ok maybe not exactly tear but you got my point). 
So in love with the pearl block heels, these are like trophy shoes. Now I¡¯m thinking about words to describe them ¨C beauty, comfort, chic, trendy, luxurious, classy, elegant, playful, PERFECT.
And so, the brand came back with the It bag that you¡¯ll see around through the entire year, and maybe even longer. Gucci¡¯s Dionysus, in any size, color and even pattern is just as dreamy. This particular style ¨C bright blue suede with leather trim is still under Pre-Order, but special thanks to Vestiaire Collective, picked this great find during their current summer sale, and it was sent directly from Europe so I got to enjoy it much earlier!
In case some of you might not be familiar, Vestiaire Collective is one of the top online marketplace for pre-owned luxury clothes and accessories that stands out on the basis of their quality control, with users throughout the world, which means limited editions or styles that are only available in certain parts of the world can potentially be found on the platform. Also speaking of their summer sale, I¡¯ve been shopping around the site for the last couple of days, heehee! Some stuff I¡¯m lusting over right now from the sale includes: this Gucci Dionysus in black // this blue Celine Trapeze bag // this limited edition taupe with blue borders C¨¦line Trap¨¨ze bag // and more bags here, shoes here, or shop below:
How did a checked anything become such a street style must-have? Is it the combined work of Gucci, Balenciaga, Prada and the unfading presence of Cher Horowitz and her legendary yellow checked skirt suit? We could write an essay on the steadfast appeal of checks ¨C but we¡¯re not going to. Instead, we¡¯re going to show you how to style this little orange number from Prada. (Well, we¡¯re mainly seeing orange, everything else is just noise.)
It¡¯s not so much that don¡¯t-give-a-flipping-fly check Yoyo wore to Paris Fashion Week. This one¡¯s a little quirkier, a little more sorority girl. Italian street style royalty Giovanna Battaglia wore her checked Prada blazer with a matching skirt, but if that¡¯s too much colour in one look for you, straight-leg jeans in a vintage wash never failed anybody. We threw on a velvet belt over the blazer and matching mules to give it a classier, night-time feel, but added a mini cross body just in case that fancy dinner turns into drinks with the usual suspects.
Among all those times that your cold feet found comfort in a pair of thick knitted socks, did you ever wonder, ¡°Wow these sock things are amazing! I wonder if they come in more jazzy materials, say latex¡°? Thanks to Gucci, the answer is now a solid yes. Remember these insane patent and leather sandals that Yoyo wore to the very first day of Milan Fashion Week? If you missed them in stores, allow us to be your personal harbinger of good news, because they¡¯ve just landed on the interwebs, fresh and ready for you to add to cart. CUE THE CONFETTI AND STRING QUARTET!
Because Alessandro Michele is kind of a genius, these marvellous kicks don¡¯t just look convertible, they are convertible. That means you can wear the sandals with the latex socks when you aren¡¯t at risk of contracting Athlete¡¯s Foot and ditch them when ventilation is more important than vanity. Priorities, priorities. They aren¡¯t the easiest to walk in when you¡¯re tottering on cobbled streets, but are they worth every shred of effort? Well, si, signora, si.
Styling them is easier than you think. Yoyo wore them with a tweed jacket, a ruffled blouse and faded worn-to-death black jeans in Milan, but as long as you treat them like regular black stilettos, you¡¯ll do just fine. Shop her look below along with not two, not three but four convertible two-in-one shoes.
Those of you who have followed me for a while would know that when it comes to my personal style, I love minimalism best. I¡¯ve never shied away from playing around with prints and embellishments, but my heart still belongs to pieces with clean lines and shapes. Minimalism with a twist is something that I love in wardrobe and this pleated Jil Sander gem ¨C available at Matchesfashion.com here, also in white and beige here and here ¨C captures that aesthetic exactly.
It doesn¡¯t have any obvious details, just skinny pleats and voluminous sleeves. Yet, it managed to get quite a few stares when we took this around town. It¡¯s a statement piece for sure, but still very simple at its core. The blouse is versatile, too, but you know me, I can¡¯t help falling back to my routine of jeans and sneakers.
The weekend isn¡¯t here yet, but we see no reason not to begin the celebrations and self-pampering just a little bit earlier. Shop pieces from my look below, along with my top picks from the latest drop at Matchesfashion.com (we¡¯ve got more in our Picks of The Week bar above, too). They¡¯ve just recently launched The Style Social, a new social shopping platform that allows you to share what you¡¯ve just bagged, see what everyone else is adding to their cart and then shop it directly, all in one place. Just tag #MATCHESFASHION on Instagram and you¡¯re in. Find out how to join The Style Social here.
They say if it ain¡¯t broken, don¡¯t fix it. Nobody said anything about joojing things up just a bit, though. Even the classics deserve a little pomp once in a while. To kick off the new season with a truly opulent bang, Bulgari has reinvented its iconic B.zero1 ring. But, of course, when you¡¯ve got something so wildly popular in your hands ¨C or, in this case, on your finger ¨C you don¡¯t just get anyone to do the job. You call someone like the late Zaha Hadid a.k.a. one of the world¡¯s most prominent architects a.k.a. all-around design wonder.
For the unfamiliar, here¡¯s your crash course: the B.zero1 first came into the world at the turn of the millennium, inspired by the curves and geometry of the Colosseum in Rome. Wider than most with the appearance of separate rings being stacked on one another and no jewel to speak of, the B.zero1 was unique and ahead of its time. It didn¡¯t need a diamond ¨C its very construction was the centrepiece. The ring has been released in several iterations since 1999, such as last year¡¯s tri-coloured B.zero1 Perfect Mistake (which Lily Aldridge wore to our interview with her in New York) and the season¡¯s B.zero1 Design Legend by Hadid.
The change is a bold yet ironically soft one. Hadid had reinvented the mid-section completely, putting in its place a network of seemingly infinite loops and waves. What results is something a little more fluid, more feminine, more luxe and, shall we say, more alive? It¡¯s so sensual.
To celebrate the release of the B.zero1 Design Legend, Bulgari has created a ridiculously cool virtual reality experience that allows you to discover the ring in a truly unconventional way. Legit VR goggles and everything. Can¡¯t go to Rome? Bulgari brings Rome to you.
The B.zero1 Zaha Hadid Virtual Reality pop-up runs from now till 12 April at Level 1 from 12pm to 3pm and 4pm to 8pm, and then at The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands, Canal Level from 14-27 April from 11.30am to 3.30pm and 4.30pm to 8.30pm. The experience is open to the public. In the meantime, check out a teaser of what to expect here.
Keeping house codes means there¡¯s history, but it doesn¡¯t mean you can¡¯t keep the history and evolve at the same time. Such is the story of the new Diane von Furstenberg woman under newly-minted creative director Jonathan Saunders. You still have the floaty, feminine dresses, but the DVF woman is younger than ever. She still has that distinctive elegance and polish, but there¡¯s a twist. Asymmetry, mixed textures and fabrics, a story of colours, silhouettes that flatter and not hide. And yes, still plenty fun. Diane von Furstenberg ¨C both the legendary lady and her brand ¨C have always pursued fun and zest.
For the new season, Saunders introduces a line of ultra-classy yet forward pieces in the form of silky half-and-half dresses, blouses with necks that reveal the neck and collarbone and skirts that cut so high on the thigh. It¡¯s simultaneously sexy and chic. It¡¯s the best kind of refresh.
Above, I styled three key looks: a silky half-and-half dress, a bohemian floral dress, a wide-lapel blouse and a fold-over skirt. I shot the first two looks in Paris, but you¡¯ll be surprised at how well the whole collection fits into our Singapore weather. The pieces are so light and reveal pockets of skin here and there, so there¡¯s no need to break a sweat.
Every look from Saunders¡¯ DVF has so many elements without looking chaotic. Again ¨C the best kind of refresh. Which look is your favourite?